README.md, before:

# GGCRYPTO

GGCRYPTO is based on CryptoNote. This is the repository to explore the codebase of the blockchain.

## Setting up a node and wallet on Ubuntu 14.04

You can get one Virtual Machine in the cloud with many well known providers:

* Rackspace
* AWS EC2
* Google Compute Engine
* Alibaba Cloud
* [Digital Ocean](https://m.do.co/c/a03123d75450)
* And more rougly $30 usd a month

Tested with 4GB ram and above.

Shell into your server.

## Setting up

Install the build dependencies running this command:

`sudo apt-get install build-essential git cmake libboost1.55-all-dev`

Clone the repository:

`git clone https://github.com/ggcrypto/ggcrypto`

## Build

`cd ggcrypto; make`

Link to path

```
mkdir $HOME/bin
cd $HOME/bin
ln -s $HOME/ggcrypto/build/release/src/simplewallet ggcryptowallet
ln -s $HOME/ggcrypto/build/release/src/ggcryptod
ln -s $HOME/ggcrypto/build/release/src/walletd
```

## Run

* `ggcryptod` to start a node
* `ggcryptowallet` to start you wallet

## Mining

Inside `ggcryptowallet` shell type:

`start_mining`

Profit!

Commit message:

add info about Chrome Secure Shell

README.md, after:

# GGCRYPTO

GGCRYPTO is based on CryptoNote. This is the repository to explore the codebase of the blockchain.

## Setting up a node and wallet on Ubuntu 14.04

You can get one Virtual Machine in the cloud with many well known providers:

* Rackspace
* AWS EC2
* Google Compute Engine
* Alibaba Cloud
* [Digital Ocean](https://m.do.co/c/a03123d75450)
* And more rougly $30 usd a month

Tested with 4GB ram and above.

Shell into your server with either SSH keys (preferred) or username and password. If you easily available client would be [Chrome Secure Shell](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/secure-shell/pnhechapfaindjhompbnflcldabbghjo?hl=en) which is a addon for Chrome.

## Setting up

Install the build dependencies running this command:

`sudo apt-get install build-essential git cmake libboost1.55-all-dev`

Clone the repository:

`git clone https://github.com/ggcrypto/ggcrypto`

## Build

`cd ggcrypto; make`

Link to path

```
mkdir $HOME/bin
cd $HOME/bin
ln -s $HOME/ggcrypto/build/release/src/simplewallet ggcryptowallet
ln -s $HOME/ggcrypto/build/release/src/ggcryptod
ln -s $HOME/ggcrypto/build/release/src/walletd
```

## Run

* `ggcryptod` to start a node
* `ggcryptowallet` to start you wallet

## Mining

Inside `ggcryptowallet` shell type:

`start_mining`

Profit!
